Feature/little bot server (#40)
indigotech/taq-github-bot: src/data/local/github/tracks-node/track-0/steps/step-1.md

# Taqtile - Onboard

Welcome to the Taqtile onboard. The main goals of this onboard are:

> 1. Learn the basics about some concepts building your own application/website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Learn the basics about some concepts building your own server
```

> 1. Learn the basics about some concepts building your own application/website

Reviewer 2: @alanraso acho que mudei isso no meu PR 🤔

> 1. Learn the basics about some concepts building your own application/website

Author: Mudou, não sei se demorou pra ficar outdated, mas tá

1. Get you ready for a real project by presenting some of our stack of technology and best practices

You will create a simple server using our technology stack with the following features:

1. Login
1. Users list
1. User info
1. Create user

# Step 1 - Warming up - Mastering the Basics

Ok! Your very first tasks are to **clone this repository** into your own account and **update the README.md** file.

But before moving on, let's be sure you know all the basics we use daily here.

We use [git](https://git-scm.com/)... a lot. If you don't feel confident in your skills using git, here are some recommendations:

- https://try.github.io/
- https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials
- https://learngitbranching.js.org/

BTW, we highly encourage training using the terminal.

On the end of every task of this onboard, comment the word `Finish` on the issue to receive your next task (you can try reloading the page if it's taking too long).

> You can also comment the word `next`, in case you had to skip the current task.

Reviewer: Várias pessoas o bot deu uma travada ou algo parecido, tem algum troubleshooting?

Author: Puts, acho que o troubleshooting é avisar eu ou o @betopompolo 🤣

Reviewer: Ah hoje já acontece isso, mas pode deixar claro que é só entrar em contato com você? =p

Author: Vou mandar ele pedir ajuda pro "tutor"
